BSV Twitter Followlist
=====================================

What is This?
----------------

There are several thousand accounts on Twitter that propagate narratives on behalf of an 
idea even if it originated with a  man who some consider a a serial con artist, document 
forger, plagiarist, and pathological liar. These accounts are probably worth following on 
Twitter.

The accompanied CSV in this repository was generated by performing a graph analysis of 
accounts based upon their interactions with each other. While its accuracy is surely less 
than 100%, a manual review of random accounts on the list show it to have a low rate of false 
positives.

Note: it's not possible to algorithmically analyse intent or support via graph analysis. 
All we can tell is that there are a ton of connections and interactions within the BSV social graph. 
As such, some anti-BSV accounts that have embedded themselves deeply into the BSV social graph 
will be included in the results.

How Do I Use It?
----------------

If you are technically savvy you may use the provided CSV.

If you want a more user-friendly version then you may authorize my 
Twitter app (coming soon™) to follow the accounts from the CSV. Be aware that due to 
rate limits imposed by the Twitter API, it will take as long as 12 hours to complete.

Contributing
----------------
This list is algorithmically generated. Human edits / subjectivity will not be accepted because it's a 
slippery slope down which I do not wish to venture. Feel free to fork and curate your own.

License
-------

This information is published under the terms of the [Unlicense](LICENSE). Do what you wish with it.
